Adding autofix for core in dbt platform (#7920)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/dbt-cloud-ide/autofix-deprecations.md

---
title: "Fix deprecation warnings"
description: "Learn how you can use the autofix tool in the Studio IDE to update project code."
sidebar_label: "Fix deprecations"
---

> You can address deprecation warnings in <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> by finding and fixing them using the autofix tool in the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. You can run the autofix tool before you upgrade to Fusion!

Author: @connie-carey is this scorrect?
```suggestion
You can address deprecation warnings in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" />  by finding and fixing them using the autofix tool in the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. You can run the autofix tool on any version of <Constant name="core" /> before you upgrade to Fusion!
```

> You can address deprecation warnings in <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> by finding and fixing them using the autofix tool in the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. You can run the autofix tool before you upgrade to Fusion!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can address deprecation warnings in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> by finding and fixing them using the autofix tool in the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. You can run the autofix tool before you upgrade to Fusion!
```

> You can address deprecation warnings in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> by finding and fixing them using the autofix tool in the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. You can run the autofix tool before you upgrade to Fusion!

Author: ```suggestion
You can address deprecation warnings in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> by finding and fixing them using the autofix tool in the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. You can run the autofix tool on any version of <Constant name="core" /> before you upgrade to Fusion!
```

> You can address deprecation warnings in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> by finding and fixing them using the autofix tool in the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. You can run the autofix tool on any version of <Constant name="core" /> before you upgrade to Fusion!

Author: ```suggestion
You can address deprecation warnings in the <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> by finding and fixing them using the autofix tool in the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. You can run the autofix tool on the [Compatible or Latest release track](/docs/dbt-versions/cloud-release-tracks) of <Constant name="core" /> before you upgrade to Fusion!
```

To find and fix deprecations:

1. Navigate to the <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> by clicking **Studio** in the left menu.
2. Make sure to save and commit your work before proceeding. The autofix tool may overwrite any unsaved changes.
3. Click the three-dot menu located at the bottom right corner of the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />.
4. Select **Check & fix deprecations**.
     <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/ide-options-menu-with-save.png" width="90%" title="Access the Studio IDE options menu to autofix deprecation warnings"/>

> 5. The tool performs a `dbt parse —show-all-deprecations —no-partial-parse` to find the deprecations in your project.

Reviewer: I suggest removing the step number here and indenting this sentence under Step 4 since this does not require an action from the user. The numbering for the rest of the steps should be updated.
```suggestion
        The tool performs a `dbt parse —show-all-deprecations —no-partial-parse` to find the deprecations in your project.
```

> 6. If you don't see the deprecations and **Autofix warnings** button then click the command history in the bottom left:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. If you don't see the deprecations and the **Autofix warnings** button, click the command history in the bottom left:
```

> 6. If you don't see the deprecations and the **Autofix warnings** button, click the command history in the bottom left:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you don't see the deprecations and the **Autofix warnings** button, click the command history in the bottom left:
```

    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/command-history.png" width="90%" title="Access recent commands to see the autofix button"/>

> 7. When the command history opens, click the **Autofix warnings** button:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. When the command history opens, click the **Autofix warnings** button:
```

    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/autofix-button.png" width="90%" title="Learn what deprecations need to be auto fixed"/>

> 8. When the proceed with autofix dialog opens, click **Continue** to begin resolving project deprecations and begin a follow-up parse to show remaining deprecations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. When the **Proceed with autofix** dialog opens, click **Continue** to begin resolving project deprecations and start a follow-up parse to show remaining deprecations.
```

> 8. When the **Proceed with autofix** dialog opens, click **Continue** to begin resolving project deprecations and start a follow-up parse to show remaining deprecations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. When the **Proceed with autofix** dialog opens, click **Continue** to begin resolving project deprecations and start a follow-up parse to show remaining deprecations.
```

    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/proceed-with-autofix.png" width="90%" title="Proceed with autofix"/> 

> 9. Once complete, a success message appears. Click **Review changes** to verify the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Once complete, a success message appears. Click **Review changes** to verify the changes.
```

> 9. Once complete, you'll notice a success message. You can click the **Review changes** to verify the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Once complete, a success message appears. Click **Review changes** to verify the changes.
```

>     <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/cloud-ide/autofix-success.png" width="90%" title="Success"/>

Reviewer: Might need to update the screenshot because "Enable fusion" button should be "Enable Fusion"

Author: Fixed the image and will open a PR in the UI.

> 10. Click **Commit and sync** in the top left of <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> to commit these changes to the project repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Click **Commit and sync** in the top left of <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> to commit these changes to the project repository.
```

> 10. Click **Commit and Sync** in the top left of <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> to commit these changes to the project repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. Click **Commit and sync** in the top left of <Constant name="cloud_ide" /> to commit these changes to the project repository.
```

> 11. You are now ready to enable Fusion if you [meet the requirements](/docs/fusion/supported-features#requirements)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. You are now ready to enable Fusion if you [meet the requirements](/docs/fusion/supported-features#requirements)!
```
